This is the first assignment at School for poetic computation, Spring 2014. It was designed by Tega Brain. 

##SPRINT ART ASSIGNMENT (done in threes)This is a really quick exercise to make an artwork about computation in an hour! You will work groups of three and complete one of the options below. More than anything else, these are starting points for conversations. We want you to spend some time talking and thinking. This is definitely not an exercise where you should worry about what you exhibit. Be as silly or ridiculous as you like. The only metric for success is that you collaborate and respond to the assignment in some way,Outcomes to be exhibited at the end of the hour in the space. ##THE RULES!No computers! Do not TOUCH a computer (unless you find one on the street).You will be provided with a budget of $2 for any additional materials. You are not allowed to spend any more of your own money on this project. Everything else that you use must be either found, or be made from materials provided in the space. Your group is to present your project in a small sprint exhibition at the end of the hour. Your piece must fit into the following constraints.Objects or installations must be less than 1 foot cubed2D works must be less than 1 foot squared. Performance or sound works must be < 30 seconds long.##ASSIGNMENT OPTIONSStudents are to choose numbers 1-5 out of a hat. Group 1 gets to choose 1st, and so on until each group has a topic. No doubling up.* Make a project about translation. * Make a physical or performative Turing test. * Create a ready made that has something to do with computation.* Make a project about disguising one thing as another thing.* Make a sculptural captcha.* Make a process or sculpture about physical memory.* Develop an algorithm for making art.* Design a computer for a tree. What does it do and why?* Make a fake Sol LeWitt artwork. Make sure you put a price on it. * Make a superlow resolution screen and use it to display something that relates to the materials you use for pixels.